Quick installation guide (#1597)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scos/dev/setup/quickstart-guides-install-spryker/quickstart-guides-install-spryker.md

---
title: "Quickstart guides: Install Spryker"
description: Quick install Spryker B2B, B2C, Marketplace B2B, Marketplace B2C

> last_updated: Sep 7, 2022

Reviewer: same

Author: ```suggestion
last_updated: Feb 3, 2023
```

template: concept-topic-template
redirect_from:
  - /docs/scos/dev/setup/quick-installation-guides/quick-installation-guides.html
---

> The following installation guides provide high-level information on how to install Spryker B2B, B2C, Marketplace B2B, and Marketplace B2C Demo Shops with Docker on various operating systems:

Reviewer: on => about
```suggestion
The following installation guides provide high-level information about installing Spryker B2B, B2C, Marketplace B2B, and Marketplace B2C Demo Shops with Docker on various operating systems:
```

- [Quickstart guide: Install Spryker on MacOS and Linux](/docs/scos/dev/setup/quickstart-guides-install-spryker/quickstart-guide-install-spryker-on-macos-and-linux.html)

> - [Quickstart guide: Install Spryker on Windows](/docs/scos/dev/setup/quickstart-guides-install-spryker/quickstart-guide-install-spryker-on-windows.html)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Quickstart guide: Install Spryker on Windows](/docs/scos/dev/setup/quickstart-guides-install-spryker/quickstart-quide-install-spryker-on-windows.html)
```
